The Joe Rogan experience. What is it about Nigerians that why,
why are Nigerian so clever? All these internet scams,
like when you hear about internet scams, it's Nigerians, right?
Nigerians come to America.
They're one of the most successful groups of immigrants in all,
all the countries hundred plus whatever countries, Nigerians murder it.
When they come to America, there's something about, there's a work ethic,
but there's also a cleverness to Nigerians. Like.
I said, it I've said it before. I'm the runt of my people. Brain-wise body-wise.
Cause when I went back recently on a see man,
you see people who are just brick laying and they had jacked, they are ripped.
Some of them ended up maybe have the best nutrition. No,
but they there's something about the genetics of our people.
It's a warrior race. And I don't say that likely I'm just being honest. Right.
It's different. You know? And I think also the culture,
cause I was doing algebra in school when I was like seven. And then I went to,
I remember when I, when I first moved to New Zealand form one,
I had to do form one and three different countries. So I started form one.
I don't know how well you guys have here.
One Sally first grade. I.
Don't know how it is,
but pretty much I was 10 years old and I moved to Ghana for a little bit,
not to repeat it again. Then I moved to, um,
New Zealand and I had to repeat it again because they said, no, he's too young.
He can't be doing that. But thing is, I wasn't even the smartest.
I was the bottom three in my class. So I wasn't the smarter,
the smartest of the bunch in Nigeria, in Nigeria.
So when I came to New Zealand form one men, my first day in school,
they had a test like, you know,
early workout or something or one of the first weeks of school.
And we had to do times table. And I knew the song in my head. So I just like
finished miss and all the kids like, oh,
And I'm just like the. And then like,
they all thought I was just savant genius.
And then like they start asking me questions. Like, you know,
you brush your teeth. Yes,
I do do like back home.
Do you ride on lions?
I went home and all these kids are dumb, stupid. Like,
I didn't know. I didn't understand. I just thought like, you know, I do regular.
Like I, but they didn't understand me. So yeah. My people are different, man,
honestly. And I'm like, you've seen it. And I'm telling you, man,
especially right now that what I want to do in Nigeria, I really,
I want to introduce them,
like take the football soccer ball out of their hands and just show them some
gloves. We have some great boxes. We have this thing called Dombey,
which is Nigeria and wrestling. Kind of like the Senegalese type wrestling.
I saw some beasts, but Danby, you know, they wrap a rope around the one hand,
just one hand and they just pull with the other hand and they wrestle and they
throw strikes balls. So they have like some Juju, some black magic, you know,
all that kind of stuff. Like they sprinkle that in there.
I got my own as well at 3:00 AM. You know what? I'm literally,
I can't wait to like show them like, cause when I went back,
I was trying to just chill low key sneaking to the country.
But my dad said it can't happen. They're watching you.
Everyone knows who you are from the airport. All the area, boys, Israel.
That's on y'all oh my God. Ah,
can I take a photo police officers showing what's up showing love,
crooked police officers. Some of them they show what's up show up. And like,
I didn't realize like they,
they stay up till 4:00 AM to watch me and come up with fight. Wow. This day.
And I've always said I wanted to be the guy,
like what pack y'all was to the Philippines. You know,
the way when he fights the whole country shuts down, crime drops, everything.
I want it to like, I feel like after this,
now it's going to keep blowing up and I'm going to go back next year.
I'm going to go back next year. And I'm going to, I hope,
I hope they see the possibilities. Cause I'm telling you man,
the countries that he, I mean, it was um, Brazil at first,
in the early stages of my mermaid, then Japan, then America, then you know,
like it always goes back and forth and then no, the Oceania people right now,
we're doing some work. But I'm telling you once,
not just my general wants the Africans. Once they start stepping in,
it's going to be like my 50 cent dropped in the club and they killed the whole
game for awhile. Honestly,
I'm telling you like they ain't gonna run the game for a long time for a long
time. And I'm, I'm happy to be a guy that's kinda like paving the way.
It's crazy though. What was it like going back.
There, being the champ, going back.
There, it was beautiful.
Like just seeing my people it's different way than you're in Vegas and oh my
God, dude, I'm going to put a strain on my right.
But it's different when you see like a kid just in shock that you're even
standing there, like just in shock that you're in his presence. And for me,
I don't see myself as a stabbing. Um, Israel.
I just saw him at the end of the day.
But when they're looking at you and just like, you know, and this kid,
I remember like it was on my Instagram.
He was kicking a bag and I just showed them. I tweaked them.
I just told them this to pivot on the foot,
stand on the toes and turn the hip literally within a minute,
he improved this kick like that. And I got it on my Instagram somewhere,
but man, I was really impressed. And that was just a little snippet of the,
of the, the, the, the creativity of our people the way, oh man,
this is gonna make me cry. This is my old primary school man.
Like going back here, I was looking at,
I used to hide there for hide and seek and everything seems so small.
Cause when you're a kid everything's so big. This is me. I think lucky beach,
just chilling with the people, man. I was immersed in the culture.
Seeing all those kids.
With their uniforms on grabbing at your belt.
Is honestly, man, it was like, it reminded me of goosebumps. Again,
it reminded me of this jam here. This was just, um, uh, uh, the stadium.
I went there to go watch. And then the guy that the trainer was like,
you not training. I'm like, what do you mean? He's like,
you got training and get up.
I had my nice Jordans on and I just had to like work. He may,
I think he was trying to flex. He was trying to show me like,
you're going to work you.
And he put us to work and that's be on holiday as well.
It's open state where my parents have come.
People watch this a hundred percent go on Instagram. We're going EMG, EMG. Um,
what do you call it? M G axis.
Uh, Israel, the last style bender out of Sonia in that.
EMG YouTube engage media group. That's beautiful, man. But there's some more,
we're doing a documentary right now. Cause, and they've like,
Jeff's been following me around since 2015 and I want to like, this is the,
I want to say this is the end of the first documentary,
but the beginning of the next one, want to show what I can do in Nigeria.
What I can do in Africa. Cause even, um, Kamara went to Morocco for a,
we almost, well, not almost died the award and there was some killers.
You see how that played? Go back, Jamie, go back,
see how that place go back forward as like amaze. Go for it. Yeah.
See how that's like a mace. Yeah. The first day we went there,
I went there just trying to like show love to the hood,
say what's up and all this area, boys like, uh, I'll go with you to do here.
Like what are you doing here? And I'm like, I'm just looking around you. The,
I kind of, you must set two loss. You gotta settle them.
You gotta make sure they all right. I was like, don't worry.
We'll look after you guys.
But then within the first five minutes of me and I'd be all on my friend who
came with me, he was like, we gotta go. Cause he he's very smart. He's very,
very wrong. So we're like, all right. And I had a guy with an AK with me,
a security guard and the guys, the gangsters, they were kind of flexing.
And I was like, oh no, you guys then. So the next day she was the in me.
I went there, shirtless all my chains on fast.
And I got like more security with me with more AKA's and when deep,
we didn't have to go deep to get that sky shot.
And Jeff hates me for it cause he panicked the whole time.
And I went deep and there's all these killers, man.
Like literally I'm talking like you see scars on them like marks because that's
the bodies, the body counts and like that.
And this one dude looked like Kimbo slice and he's like the head honcho.
And he was arguing with this other guy because they were saying like, no,
I'm giving them a tour. What they give us is my money and I'll sell it to you.
And he's like, no, I'm the, you know, I'm the big dog you report to me.
And they were kind of having an argument about it and it wasn't real heated.
And if they wanted to us up right there and say, you guys, that's a maze.
They know that. Like the back of their hand, I have no idea. You know, we're.
We're walking through it. Exactly. And you're walking on planks and the water,
you saw the water dirty, like disgusting, you know,
but that's like one of the slums in Nigeria. But then you see the,
before the shot, that was Victoria on it.
So that's like the contrast of my Jeremy.
You have dirt poor and you have well off like
Lamborghinis, like people living nicely. Those were all.
The group on this side.
Yeah. But they're smart as. And that's the, the email is so old now.
That's like I had a no,
I'm not your uncle. Don't check your emails.
I'm a Nigerian prince. Don't worry. You'll get your money. Just wait.
It's just the fees. The fees got to like the way the bank accounts set up,
all that kind of stuff. Yeah.
It's amazing that they figured it out to the point where that is synonymous with
scams.
And scams. I hear about, and that's the thing like with scammy,
but a lot of them it's because of the opportunity. They're so smart,
but the opportunity isn't there. So they can't go to school. They can't do that.
So.
And I was sold a airport that didn't exist to
Japan. Really? Remember that one, a Nigerian dude sold a airport.
That wasn't a real airport. We're winning.
Yeah. I know many people do that with like buildings or Airbnbs,
but that's the airport airport. Okay.
Bro. He's sold an airport.
The Japanese are smart too, man. That's the thing. Well, yeah, we.
We, we talked about it like.
A couple of weeks ago. Yeah. It's bonkers. Like they,
they spent a load of money. It was like in the eighties or something. Oh really?
Yeah. They gotta make a movie about that. Well, they should.
Hear, it goes 242 million off sold a fake airport for 242 million.
It's not like I'm saying, this is like,
this is not the best representative of people, but this shows how smart. Well.
If you're stuck and you got nowhere out and you live in that maze,
that's the way out. You gotta do what you got.
When I was a standby. When I was in Dubai, I don't know if I should say a story.
I was in a it. No one's listening. Um,
we're on a boat for someone's birthday party and I'm seeing all these kids like
17, 16, 18 with like ice stout. Rolex's,
you know,
I'm on a yacht party for some guy's birthday and they're just out there flexing.
And I'm just like, what do you do? So, oh, I invested in Bitcoin early that dah,
dah dah was like, ah, now Yahoo boy, Yahoo boys. Cause you know,
I, I knew already, but thing is, they're so smart. They know how to work.
They know how to like, and they all over the world, like I said,
we're like a virus we're at Nigerians and everywhere,
wherever you look in the world, we're everywhere. And we have our claim,
but I can't wait till this documentary man.
Like I really want to like show people over there, like what we can do.
I want to show, first of all, the story, like it's not going to be like,
you know, McGregor's documentary was dope,
but it was more catered to the MMA fans and anyone can watch it.
But I want this to be more like the soccer mom can watch it. And you know,
someone from the burbs, someone from Alaska can watch it and still relate.
So I want to, there's different. There's different levels to this,
but I'm looking forward to really putting that out. Are you.
Thinking about opening a gyms over there.
In Nigeria? Yes. Eventually I want to kit out some of the gyms.
Like the one I went to, um, the, the stadium sports stadium I was at.
I want to help them out with some stuff that's later on when I go through it.
Right. And normally I do things like this. Like when I went there,
I did some stuff, but I don't do it for like,
it's real weird when you're on this platform.
And I see people trying to do for the likes for me,
I cringe because I can't do that.
But when you have a platform like this and you can bring attention to certain
causes and certain people, then I don't mind using my platform for like that.
So I really want to bring some attention to my people because I feel like they
deserve it, but also they can earn it.
They can earn it and I know they can make.